those possibilities. My personal life. We're gonna get called. You're
going to get a call Friday. Your standing orders. Right. So that you
covered a lot of loss is gonna come this one time. It's gonna be this
command duty officer who is going to say you know his house. Ever.
You want that? You want to be called you rather furtive this Aman
and ships on our You know what? You want to peak all you will be all.
So when that happens in this present day so far, well, you see, it's
yourself the phone word for word in all the families that traditionally,
uh so, uh, you know, it alls a lot on You just have to, uh,
manage expectations. You gonna let your styles family? No. That's gonna
get a form on. He's gonna get a phone call they call this week.
But imagine traditions have dissipated that it's